feat(device-service): CAN device service (#1)
edgexfoundry-holding/device-can: OWNERS.md

# Repository Owners

This repository is managed by the EdgeX Device Services Working Group.  As such, the **Device Services Working Group** chairman is considered the "owner" of the repository and approves all committers of the repository.

See the [project Wiki TSC page](https://wiki.edgexfoundry.org/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=329436#TechnicalSteeringCommittee(TSC)-WorkingGroups) for information on the current EdgeX TSC and who occupies the role of Device Service Working Group chair.

> For a complete list of current committers see:  https://github.com/orgs/edgexfoundry/teams/device-bacnet-c-committers/members.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a complete list of current committers see:  https://github.com/orgs/edgexfoundry/teams/device-can-committers/members.
```

Author: Corrected
